README.md, before:

# PottedPlantProposals

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/potted_plant_proposals`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'potted_plant_proposals'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install potted_plant_proposals

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/potted_plant_proposals. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/potted_plant_proposals/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the PottedPlantProposals project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/potted_plant_proposals/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Scraper and Plant classes established and functionally interactive. Yay!

README.md, after:

# PottedPlantProposals

Return to your geographical region's roots by discovering a variety of plants that were actually intended to grow in your local biome's climate conditions! These particular species love to grow and be prominently displayed in quirky containers that reflect their loving owner's great personality and impeccible taste. This app give the user a list of appropriate container garden plants by zipcode... AND allow the user to checkout each plant's unique attributes! 

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'potted_plant_proposals'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install potted_plant_proposals

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/potted_plant_proposals. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/potted_plant_proposals/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the PottedPlantProposals project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/potted_plant_proposals/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
